https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-24914 new info for RBAC (#8388)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: secure_clusters/rbac.adoc

| get, list, watch
|===

> //consider moving the roles for fine-grain here, this info is in both the ui and cli files.

Reviewer: We should definitely do this so we don't have duplicate role descriptions 2 times. We should have a common section, then just split up the things that aren't duplicate in the ui/cli sections.

| get, list, watch
|===

.Roles for virtualization
|===
| Role | Role description
| `kubevirt.io:view`
| Only view all {ocp-virt} resources in your cluster.

| `kubevirt.io:edit`

> | View and edit {ocp-virt} resources in your cluster.

Reviewer 2: kubevirt.io:edit role also should include create and delete operations

Reviewer: yes we need to include create/delete for sure with edit. the edit and admin roles are extremely similar.

> | `kubevirt.io:admin`

Reviewer 2: kubevirt.io:admin allows for deletecollection operation along with create, delete, edit and view

the only difference between edit and admin is admin includes this deletecollection

Reviewer: I think keeping this part is fine: "You can also access the `HyperConverged` custom resource in the `openshift-cnv` namespace."

Since that is what it says in the CNV docs.

Author: What is delete collection? As in the user can delete a collection of resources?

Reviewer: delete collection is just deleting multiple resources at once. edit permission can only delete 1 at a time

Author: Thanks for clarifying!

| Create, view, edit, and delete resources for {ocp-virt}. You can also access the `HyperConverged` custom resource in the `openshift-cnv` namespace.

> | `kubevirt.io-acm-managed:admin`

Reviewer 2: This is the description of roles we want from me and @mshort55 (i believe) that we want to have for these roles to emphasis on what they do specifically

kubevirt.io-acm-managed:admin — This role is an extension of the default [kubevirt.io](http://kubevirt.io/) roles and provides extra privileges for VM administrators to view, edit, and delete VM related resources. It is intended for troubleshooting issues, managing all virtual machine resources, and performing advanced administrative and configuration tasks on managed clusters.

kubevirt.io-acm-managed:view — This role is an extension of the default [kubevirt.io](http://kubevirt.io/) roles and  provides extra view-only privileges for virtual machine related resources within managed clusters. It is intended for monitoring VM operations, inspecting configurations, and verifying the status of resources without making any modifications.

kubevirt.io-acm-hub:admin — This role grants administrative privileges for VM migrations across clusters, as well as the pre-requisite permissions for viewing VMs on the multicluster CNV UI from an ACM hub.

kubevirt.io-acm-hub:view — .
This role grants viewing permissions to monitor VM live migrations, as well as the pre-requisite permissions for viewing VMs on the multicluster CNV UI from an ACM hub.

Reviewer: Agreed, these roles are the most critical for us to nail down 100% because they are roles that we ship from ACM and they are a bit confusing to understand each of it's use cases

Author: cnv is just ocp virt correct?

Reviewer: Yes cnv (container native virtualization) is ocp virt, same thing just different terminology.

Author: Thanks for confirming, I used OCP Virt instead of CNV. CNV does not appear in our product list at all. So wanted to make sure I reference the correct product

Reviewer: OCP Virt is better I think. We call it CNV but I believe customers will be more likely to understand it as OCP Virt.

| An extension of the default `kubevirt.io` roles, granting virtual machine administrators to view, edit, and delete virtual machine related resources. Troubleshoot issues and complete advanced configuration and administrative tasks.

| `kubevirt.io-acm-managed:view`
| An extension of the default `kubevirt.io` roles, granting extra view-only privileges for virtual machine resources on your managed cluster. Monitor virtual machine operations, view configurations, and verify the status of virtual machine resources without making any changes.

| `kubevirt.io-acm-hub:admin`

> | Grants administrator privileges for virtual machine migrations across clusters and for deleting a collection of resources. Grants prerequisite permissions to view virtual machines in the multicluster {ocp-virt} console from your hub cluster. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Grants administrator privileges for virtual machine migrations across clusters. Grants prerequisite permissions to view virtual machines in the multicluster {ocp-virt} console from your hub cluster. 
```

Reviewer: I believe you meant to add this to the kubevirt.io:admin role :)

Author: Oh yes, thank you sorry jumping between my own PRs and reviewing my Peer's prs

| `kubevirt.io-acm-hub:view`

> | Only view virtual machine resources on your hub cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Grants view only privileges for virtual machine migrations across clusters. Grants prerequisite permissions to view virtual machines in the multicluster {ocp-virt} console from your hub cluster. 
```

Reviewer: This one still needed to be updated. I just copied the description from kubevirt.io-acm-hub:admin and changed the vm migration part to view only. These roles are essentially identical, minus the fact that kubevirt.io-acm-hub:admin can actually start/perform live migrations and kubevirt.io-acm-hub:view can only read existing live migrations and not edit/create/start/delete any (read only).
